330 charge category credit refund (#355)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargeclass.md

> # Charge Class

Reviewer: A few other possible names to hopefully spark ideas:
- Charge Context
- Charge Purpose
- Charge Reason

> A Charge Class indicates whether the row represents a regular charge or a correction to one or more previous charges.
> 
> This is used for differentiating refunds from regularly incurrred charges.

Reviewer: nit: I think we typically say "x is commonly used..."
```suggestion
A Charge Class indicates whether the row represents a regular charge or a correction to one or more previous charges. Charge Class is commonly used to differentiate refunds from regularly incurred charges.

```

The ChargeClass column MUST be present and MUST NOT be null. This column is of type String and MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column ID

ChargeClass

## Display Name

Charge Class

## Description

Indicates whether the row represents a regular charge or a correction to one or more previous charges, its primary use iis for differentiating refunds from normal usage.

## Content Constraints

| Constraint      | Value          |
| :-------------- | :------------- |
| Column type     | Dimension      |
| Column required | True           |
| Allows nulls    | False          |
| Data type       | String         |
| Value format    | Allowed values |

Allowed values:

| Value      | Description                          |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------|

> | Regular     | Normal charge                        |

Reviewer: I feel like this needs a better description. Here's something Copilot inspired...
```suggestion
| Regular    | Standard charges for services used or purchased. |
```

> | Correction    | Correction to one or more previous charges       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Correction  | Modification to one or more previous charges, like refunds and credit modifications. |
```
